Added agentless and no collector to word list (#741)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/style-guide/word-list/index.md

## A

### agentless

> Don't use. Grafana Agent has been replaced by Grafana Alloy, so you shouldn't use agent-based terminology. See [no collector](#no-collector).

Author: ```suggestion
Don't use. Grafana Agent has been replaced by Grafana Alloy, so you shouldn't use agent-based terminology. Refer to [no collector](#no-collector).
```
